Hey guys welcome back ok new section new growth strategy what we're going to talk about in this section
are what are called bots.
Now if you already know what that is and you just had some physical reaction that was really negative
then I strongly suggest that you skip this section because bots are kind of controversial but they are
everywhere.
Love them or hate them they are a legitimate way that accounts grow.
And I honestly cannot find an account online that's doing well.
I don't think he's using a bot.
You notice in the previous lectures when we talked about mass followers sometimes when you look at reports
of people's accounts of things that are called mass followers now that could be someone who actually
does go and just click click click click click follow to a lot of people essentially doing what we were
doing.
Usually just says that a mass follower is someone who follows more than the average time say three if
the average to 50 and over 750 would be a mass follower because you can't possibly follow 750 people
if you're actually using this for personal consumption.
But Nasrallah has also come from bottes.
So essentially what bots are it's an application that you run.
And what it does is it'll go based on some targeting and finds some people who fit who you think is
your target market or follow say like your competitor.
And then it follows them and it does like for them.
It basically does exactly what we did in the habit schedule lecture.
Remember before we are setting this list of things we should do where we go.
Follow like like follow and then go through and do a certain amount every day.
Well that's exactly what a bot does for you but it does it to a much greater extent.
And it does that without you having to do anything.
So the general rule is that Instagram allows 400 interactions per day per account.
Now when you're listening to this this could have totally changed because they do changes frequently
400 interactions just means that any given day I can like comment or follow a maximum of 400 times.
Anything over that they're going to say OK this is probably a spam account.
So pretty much all bots are going to keep you underneath that threshold.
If you're doing it manually Tanso you're never going to you're going to get even close to that.
So that's sort of does.
It just runs follows and brings them in and the quality of a bot kind of varies wildly.
There are some ones out there that really flirt with that 400 line way too much and it's something we
don't want to do period.
And then there are ones out there that are big companies actually who run them.
They're really polished they have a lot of features and they cost a lot of money.
The one thing they have in common though is that they all work a certain way.
OK.
So they'll imitate your interaction.
So usually what happens is you either tell it I want to follow and comment and interact with everybody
who is looking at or commenting or following this hashtag.
OK that's one way of doing it.
Do you really think your audience just hangs out on hash tag.
That's a great way of doing bots.
They always do competitors so if you think there is a competitor who is exactly the type of people you
want well then you can use a bot for that then what it does it just goes to the competitor and looks
at all their followers and just item like one by one goes by and interacts with them brings attention
to your account.
Now there is some optional things that some bots do.
So for instance some of them will do mass on following for you.
Lindsey Graham recently made this harder.
But essentially what that is is after you follow a bunch of people if they don't follow you back that's
one way of doing it.
You unfollow them or you just unfollow all of them.
If you don't do that what ends up happening is you see these accounts a lot where someone will be following
25000 people and have 30000 followers.
So you ask how is it that they're sitting there pressing is 25000 times because they use the bot.
And they don't do and follows.
Generally speaking it just looks bad if your ratio of following to the word is that bad so it's like
a one to one.
That's kind of incredible.
Or if you're following more people involve you.
That's a great red flag for an account.
So it's up to you if you want to do mass follows.
I generally do it but I usually do it manually.
Now though one thing I'll mention is that some of them will do comment automations that I should go
to people's accounts look at a photo and then comment.
Now comments bring in a lot of engagement for you and it's a great way of getting people to follow your
account.
But bots do these to varying degrees of accuracy.
My general suggestion is don't ever use it for commenting because bots are just terrible at this.
To be honest I mean the worst one I ever saw was someone using a bot and it went to someone's photo
and has a photo of their son in a bathing suit and he was like four or five years old and it commented
nice.
You know I'm saying they build these pots to call it really simple things like love it.
Great.
Nice.
Who would have thought things like that that could apply to a lot of different posts.
But it's really just kind of screwy and it's not really something that I want to deal with so I generally
don't do that.
Guys in the next Dr. explore some of the more prominent bought companies out there and we can make a
pick about which one we're going to use again if you guys are not comfortable with black hat strategies
for growth perfectly fine.
That is up to you.
I'm venturing into it just so I can show you guys what options are out there.
There are plenty of ways to grow your account naturally through things like shout outs by using the
right hashtags by doing things we'll cover later like competitions.
So don't fret just skip it.
Not gonna hurt my feelings and I'll see the rest of you in the next picture.